##Keep Your Integrity!

### 1 How did the three Witnesses of Jehovah described in this paragraph take a stand for Jehovah?

Each person was faced with a challenge to their integrity;  
but thy all refused to compromise on Jehovah's standards

#### 1 id Bagaimana tiga Saksi Yehuwa mempertahankan kesetiaan mereka kepada Yehuwa?

Orang-orang dalam paragraph ini dapat tentangan integritas;  
tapi mereka semua tidak mau melanggar standar Allah

### 2 What questions will we consider, and why?

We will examine three questions:  
what it integrity?,  
What is its value to us?;  
How to keep our integrity under trial.

#### 2 id Pertanyaan apa saja yang akan kita bahas, dan mengapa?

Kita juga mau bahas tiga pertanyaan (3):
Apa itu integritas?;  
Mengapa kita perlu punya integritas?;  
Bagaimana kita bisa memperkuat tekad kita untuk mempertahankan integritas di masa yang sulit ini?

### 3 What does integrity mean for us?

Our worship should be sound and whole.  
Integrity is wholehearted devotion to Jehovah. It means being without fault or blemish.  
The people of Israel were required to present a whole, unblemished sacrifice.  
We are offended if what we buy has missing parts or is not as advertised.  
We also do not want to offend Jehovah by giving him something flawed.  
Therefore, We want to offer ourselves as a "perfect and pleasing" living sacrifice to God.

#### 3 id Bagaimana hamba-hamba Allah menunjukkan integritas?

-

### 4 How can an imperfect person have integrity:

An imperfect person can have integrity in Jehovah's eyes.
Jehovah is aware of our limitations.
And he is ready to forgive us.

#### 4 id Mengapa kita bisa punya integritas meski kita tidak sempurna?

Orang yang tidak serpurna bisah punya integritas di mata Yehuwa.
Yehuwa tahu bahwa kita ada kekurangan.
dia siap untuk mengampun kita.

### 5 How is Love the key to integrity?

When we love someone we want them to be respected, honored and treated well.  
We would defend them if another person told a lie about their character.  
Because we love Jehovah, We want him to be honored.  
We want to show that He is honest and true.  
We do not want to believe or encourage Satan's lies about him.  
We want Him to be proven correct against Satan's challenges and lies.

### 7 As revealed at Job 1:8-11, how did Jehovah and Satan feel about Job’s integrity?

Jehovah loved Job for his integrity and trusted him.  
Satan believed that Job's integrity was not real.  
He believed Job's integrity was based only on what he received from Jehovah,  
and doubted that his integrity was genuinely based on love.

"Dengan benar-benar mengasihi Yehuwah dan sepunuh hati mengabdi kepada-nya"
Wholehearted love, unbreakable devotion

Contoh apa yang bisa membantu kita mengerti arti kata "integritas"?
What examples can show the importance to us of integrity?

Jehovah required sacrifices with integrity - that is, no animal could be offered
Yehuwah

4)Jehovah's forgiveness means that we can have integrity without being perfect

5. When we have love for Jehovah, He is first in our minds and we are determined not to do anything which would take away or diminish what is rightfully his - that is, ourt whole heart and soul and mind.
   Our love for Jehovah moves us to put Him first when we make decisions. We'll think "How would this make Jehovah feel" whenever we have a choice to make.

6. Our integrity show that we believe Jehovah God to be a good, just, generous and honest ruler. Adam and Eve did not have the love and integrity to Jehovah to show that.

7. Jehovah TRUSTED. Satan TESTED.

8. Satan caused terrible damage to Job by taking his family, posessions, and reputation.

9. While Job did not always act perfectly, he NEVER turned against Jehovah , never gave in, nad never gave away his integrity.

10. Satan has made the same challenge to use that he did to Job, namely, that under pressure or temptation we would all turn away from Jehovah.

11. Job's example shows that it is possible to keep integrity under extreme stress, and shows us good ways in which we can strengthen our integrity.

12. Job examined Jehovah's creation and by creation he recognised the power and wisdom of Jehovah. We have access to a greater understanding of the world around us than Job did and from the intricate details of the smallest cells to the incredible display of power in the stars and planets, we can see and gain an appreciation for Jehovah's fine works.

13. Job was careful to obey God in every aspect of his life

14. Job's example can also help us to keep a balanced view of material things.

15. Job knew that his integrity was not in vain. We can see how Jehovah rewarded Job's integrity and it can help us to keep our own integrity.

16. We need to resolve not to let go of integrity under any circumstances including threats of death.
