Kupang, 11/10/2019

# Armageddon is Good News! : Ita hein namanas ba Armagedon

Armageddon is good news as it is mankind's salvation. It will be the end of wickedness, and will save our planet. We';; consider what it is, the events leading up to it, how to be saved during Armageddon, and how to be safe as Armageddon gets nearer.

## What is Aramgeddon?

Armageddon literally meands the Mountain of Megiddo. We can see that this is symbolic and not literal as there is no physical place known as the mountain of Megiddo and the events described at armageddon will cover a much greater area than just one small part of the country of Israel - they will be worldwide.

Megiddo is a place where Jehovah often intervened to help his people, so it's a suitable site for a symbolic place where Jehovah helps his people again.

In the battles fought near Megiddo, Jehovah helped his people fight. In Armageddon, God's people will stand firm and Jehovah will win the battle.

We don't know how Jehovah will defeat his enemies and save his people at armageddon but in the past He has caused natural events, angels, and even turned his enemies against each other. He has shown that he has power to control all people and all created elements.

## Events

We're expecting world leaders to proclaim "Peace and Security!" But this will be a demon inspired lie and will not bring about true peace. We know that in fact when this proclamation happens, there is a great danger.

God's word shows us that there will be first the eradication of false worship and then the destruction of Satan's political systems.

Babylon, false religion, has taught lies about God; aligned herself with the earthly powers; exploited her people; and killed many including Jehovah's own followers.

The "wild beast" is the United Nations. The political power of the United Nations will devastate false religion by exposing how bad false religion has been and by taking away the wealth she has stolen.

When false religion is destroyed Jehovah's servants will be saved, as they have obeyed Jehovah's command to stay clean of her evil practices.

Gog is the name for the coalition of nations which will attack Jehovah's people, and when they attack Jehovah's people we will know that Jehovah's day of armageddon has come.

Gog will expect an easy victory over an unarmed opponent. They destroyed all other gods! There is none with the power to oppose them! Earth's united armies with their weapons, tactics, and technology will learn that their victory will turn to defeat because there are more with us than against us. They are fighting Jehovah's people now, and we know that Jehovah will protect His own people.

## Be Saved

The human and spirit beings who stand against Jehovah will be completely powerless compared to Jehovah. Human and spiritual forces will all be defeated.

To "know God" is to do His will in obedience and to give him exclusive devotion

The good news includes Bible truth, and keeping Kingdom interests first.

Anointed ones will be among those at Armageddon fighting on Jehovah's side and keeping His people safe.

Prayer and study will help us to remain faithful.

## How would you answer?

The main events leading up to armageddon are the proclamation of "Peace and Security"; the destruction of false religion; and finally the attack of Gog against Jehovah's people.

The proclamation "Peace and Security" is a false prophesy inspired by demons. When we hear that prophecy we know it is not to be trusted! In fact it is one of the signals of armageddon coming closer for those who trust in the political and religious powers making that proclamation.

We remain faithful through prayer, study and pure worship


